hey guys what's up great up for over you
today it's from the same creators of
zombieville USA it's called OMG ninja
alright so there's the app right there
OMG Ninja has the same art it's made by
these guys aka the same people who made
zombieville USA and that was a huge hit
so I'm predicting the same for this so I
picked it up as soon as I heard it from
the same people so let's get started on
the main menu you have campaign stats
training and options on their options
you have very low stuff to do music and
sound effects you can also listen to
your ipod while playing this which is a
plus because i like doing that training
which just pretty much good you almost a
tutorial and just fight random people
and stats just looking up scores and
stuff i'm going to show you campaign
because that's where it's at alright so
you start on a map like this which
you'll only go to once if you play
through the entire game from start to
finish my difficulty is on normal you
could change it too easy I guess that's
it I keep that normal or else it's just
kind of not fun so I'm gonna go ahead
and show you the first level so I don't
get killed um this game features a 3d
but it looks too d but it's a 3d plane
like I'll show you that in a second
alright so a little bit of store here
and here's our control pad we have our d
pad which as you can see we can move
around then we have our B button which
is jump when moving and it should guard
when you're not moving and a is to use
your attack now you have a moves list
that you just start out with the ax 3
attack which is your basic melee combat
combo type thing at any of your grey
into a block um and then it says that
you have jump these are these three
actually gained and which I'll show you
which is where you jump and hit
attack button and you do 10 like a slam
move I get no no you do have kind of a
slashing in the air move then you have
tap tap wait and tap again and then you
do a different 3com blom a leg and the
new you have tap way tab which shoots me
off the air and you can slap them down
that's as far as I've gotten um you
level up by using this type thing over
here I can it's easy to show you guys
this one is paused or else I have
enemies coming at me this orb looking
thing once you fill it up as you can see
I got it a little bit failed once I fill
it all the way and I tap on it I use my
special which I don't believe you can
change where the screen turns dark and
it has a nice little cutscene and you
slice your opponent it's not instant
kill but does a lot and that's helpful
for bosses then you have your health
which is the ret and underneath that you
have that little white line that tells
you when your next level up is you level
up by killing enemies and that is what
gives you these um and stronger attack I
don't know about different weapons like
i said i did not get that far now over
here we have our back button to get out
of the start out of the pause menu and
then we have our combo combos i believe
are also used to build up your meter for
leveling up and it I'm not sure if it
gives you more power but it's pretty
much there to let you know how well
you're doing alright so I'm gonna get
back in this it's a pretty much a button
masher unless you want to use your
powers like here's that be and then you
cut in there most of the time the moves
are pretty easy to pull off and you'll
get different enemy varieties just like
in zombie though you will have ones with
shotguns you will have one that carry
bombs I do a lot of damage and these are
pretty much your standard no frills kind
of bad guys now as you can see my
fingers lit up so I'm planning using it
you tap it and you cut them and that one
wasn't instant kill
all right so I'm gonna show you a harder
level now this is 1 i'm on i love stage
3 i just got done with the boss battle
which was actually kind of hard huh
little bit of a cutscene it'll show you
bits of story parts here and there and
then see i love that that's so clever i
mean i start off with a kill who doesn't
like that I Benny way see there you got
those little freaky dude bombs and that
was my different melee and if I tap then
wait and tap & tap again then I flip
them up in the air and Simon down
normally very responsive I most of my
level up here I hate these little bomb
dudes they really are annoying oh it FYI
if you plan on playing this a little tip
is to use your jumps and slash attack
it's really helpful with boss battles
I've so I'm gonna take out these dudes
there's a dude's a shotgun over there in
the corner yeah that wasn't instant
they're dying is pretty simple like I've
died a lot of times and then it ranks
you when you're done with level 0 so far
I've gotten nothing higher than terrible
which is lowest rank I've so I just
leveled up attack power increased okay
so I'm at level 9 very addictive
gameplay and I think it has more replay
value than zombieville did because you
have the level up system now so that's
great it keeps you want to come back
Plus has a little story nothing that
have to shoot my attention but it's
definitely good have it there then not
have it there alright so this is the
entire game there's nothing more to it
as far as I know it's just level to
level two level so I'm going to pause
there and instead of exit hang out
because I'm probably going to want to
come back and beat that level so that is
called OMG pirates it is a 1 99
$9 app in the App Store I guarantee
it'll find its way into the top ten if
not number one so I definitely recommend
picking it up if you're a fan of
zombieville if not just like ninjas and
pirates go for it um anyway guys go
ahead and subscribe comment let me know
what you think about the app and whether
you're picking it up um my link to
Twitter will be in description over
there um that is all peace